The 2022 season of IPL was different in so many ways. From the inclusion of two new teams to getting a new champion of IPL after 5 years, the 2022 season can be described as one of the best. Now to give a small recap of the whole season we will give you all the major details from this 2022 edition of Tata IPL.

1.First and most important thing from the IPL 2022 was the Gujarat Titans lifting the trophy of IPL in their first season. It was local boy Hardik Pandya who led Gujarat Titans to victory in their first season.

2.Second thing which can be drawn from IPL 2022 is the performance of the Rajasthan Royals. After having a fantastic auction Rajasthan Royals did not disappoint their fans and finished as runners-up in IPL 2022. They were so close to giving tribute to legend Shane Warne.

3.Talking about the most number of wins in IPL 2022. It was championed by Gujarat Titans who had the most number of wins in IPL 2022 which was 12. They finished at the top after the League stage with 10 wins and won 2 plays off matches.

4.Talking about the most number of losses so it was two IPL giants Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings who shared this unwanted record. They both lost 10 matches.

5.Team with the highest win percentage is none other than the champions, Gujarat Titans who ended the tournament with a win percentage of 75%.

6.Orange cap holder was none other than Rajasthan’s opener Jos Buttler who has had his best IPL season so far and not only for him but his form and performance were one of the best in the history of IPL. Jos made 863 runs in IPL 2022.

7.Purple cap holder was again from the Rajasthan Royals and it was none other than Yuzvendra Chahal who was playing his first season for the Royals. Yuzi took 27 wickets this season and also took one hattrick against Kolkata Knight Riders.

8.Highest total of the tournament was by Rajasthan Royals who made 222/2 against Delhi Capitals. It was Jos Buttler who played a stunning knock of 116 runs.

9.lowest score of the tournament was by Royal Challengers Bangalore against Sunrisers Hyderabad where Bangalore got all out on just 68 runs.

10.Most valuable player of the season was Jos Buttler who made 4 centuries and 4 half-centuries in this season. He equalized the record of Virat Kohli of having the most number of centuries in a single IPL season. Jos finished with 375 points on the most valuable player list.